But your grandparents must have been successful people.
Yes.
Successful business people.
Yeah, oh yeah.
So you had a privileged upbringing amongst Jewish people.
A nice upbringing.
Yeah.
I wouldn't say privileged because I mean there were plenty of quite wealthy Jewish people at that time.
I mean you know the sort of families that...
You take the raports, they used to be the...
The Rivlins?
The Rivlins to some degree.
Who's the other fella?
Who lived in Cathedral Road?
Had roaf...
Roaf furnishing.
Yeah.
Flegelstone.
I can remember all the sticks in my mind.
Mr. Flegelstone was high and mighty.
Yeah.
Quite high and mighty.
And it was like supposed to be a privilege to talk to him if you like.
Yeah, been there.
Anyway, they had roaf furnishing.
I a little later bought a property in City Road right next to him.
And I can remember him coming up to me and saying,
David, I wonder if you could do me a favour?
I said, well what's that?
He said, I've got nowhere to park my car.
Right.
And you've got the huge car park.
Would you allow me to park in your car park?
And I said, I wonder if you would have asked me that 30 years ago.
But he did.
And I became quite friendly with him because you're in business
and suddenly you're in a reasonably good way.
And suddenly there's much more respect for you.